Add CHANGELOG for v0.109.0 (#1814)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.109.0 [2023-07-06]

_What's new?_

- New tables added
  - [aws_iam_open_id_connect_provider](https://hub.steampipe.io/plugins/turbot/aws/tables/aws_iam_open_id_connect_provider) ([#1798](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1798)) (Thanks [@LalitLab](https://github.com/LalitLab) for the contribution!)

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed the `aws_route53_record` table to use `listHostedZones` from the `aws_route53_zone` table as the `ParentHydrate` to avoid the cross-account access denied errors. ([#1799](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1799))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the `aws_route53_record` table to remove the need of passing `zone_id` in the `where` clause, to avoid cross-account access denied errors. ([#1799](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws/pull/1799))
```
